---
layout: "./../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
title:  "Object Oriented Programming"
pubDate:   2021-05-30 00:00:00 +0800
description: 'In my university journey, I delved into Object-Oriented Programming through two key units: FIT2099 focused on the theory, leading to a collaborative project developing a text dinosaur game, while FIT3077 emphasized practical implementation and design patterns like Singleton and Facade for creating a bidding system. Check out the repositories for a glimpse into these OOP adventures'
author: 'Muhammad Aiman Shamsiemon'
image:
    url: "/astro-blog/favicon.png"
    alt: 'The full Astro logo.'
tags: ["Monash", "Y2S2"]
draft: false
---
There are 2 units relating to OOP that I took in my university study. They are **FIT2099: Object Oriented Design And Implementation** and **FIT3077: Software Architecture And Design**. The first one mainly focuses on the theory behind OOP while the second one is a hands on unit relating to OOP. 

For the final project of the first unit, we were divided into group of twos, given a game engine and were told to design a text dinosaur game using OOP. This is a unit that I took in my third semester. It was quite fun although the resulting game was barely passable in my opinion. The first portion of the assignment was about designing the basic element of the game while the second portion was about expanding the elements that we implemented in the first portion.

In the second unit, we were told a number of requirements and were told to implement them using OOP. Although it can be done without OOP, you won't be given marks if you do that. This unit was more difficult in the sense that you can do whatever you like since you have to create the system from scratch. I took this unit in my fourth semester right after FIT2099. In a sense, I still had experience from working on the previous unit.

This unit emphasizes less on OOP and more towards the patterns commonly seen in OOP. We ended up using Sigleton and Facade, I think. So, we had to make a bidding system that generates a contract. Well, the user had to generate the contract by filling a form.

|No. | Unit| Link|
|----|-----|-------|
|1. | FIT2099 | [Repository Link](https://github.com/maiman-1/text-game)|
|2. | FIT3077 | [Repository Link](https://github.com/maiman-1/bid)|