---
layout: "./../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
title:  "April 2025 Updates"
pubDate:   2025-04-28 00:00:00 +0800
description: 'Hi! It''s been a while! It''s time for my monthly updates!'
author: 'Muhammad Aiman Shamsiemon'
image:
    url: "/astro-blog/assets/april2025.png"
    alt: 'AI generated image'
tags: ["blog", "life", "updates"]
draft: false
---
<div role="alert" class="alert alert-warning">
  <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="stroke-current shrink-0 h-6 w-6" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" stroke-width="2" d="M12 9v2m0 4h.01m-6.938 4h13.856c1.54 0 2.502-1.667 1.732-3L13.732 4c-.77-1.333-2.694-1.333-3.464 0L3.34 16c-.77 1.333.192 3 1.732 3z" /></svg>
  <span>Warning: The following post is edited by Copilot!</span>
</div>

### 1. How has April been for me!

Hello to the future readers! Not sure from what era you are in or which generation anymore but still, thanks for stopping by and reading the communication of this nobody! It is April 2025 and I've done quite a bit this month...

#### Raya!

Right. The first important tidbit that bears mentioning. I'm a muslim in Malaysia and of course, Raya or Eid al-fitri is a big part of our culture. It is similar to that of Christmas in the west although with a bit more emphasis on the familiar parts. As part of this celebration, all children will return back to their parents home to celebrate raya. And this is something that needs to be done up until you have a grandchild of your own. Have a baby infant on your car? Good luck! (Well some parents are more understanding than others...)

My Raya color this year is the color Pink, specifically the pink of [Belacan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrimp_paste) which is a type of shrimp paste that I didn't even knew was pink in the first place! Raya was fine. The highlight of Raya each year is usual the crazy traffic which wasn't too bad for our family since we moved early on Friday and head back to KL on Friday also.

We met most of my 30+ cousins, talked to some neighbors, and basically just ate which is a nice change of pace from not eating during the day after an entire month. Then, when I got back, man... The change in pace was overwhelming and I really rutted this month!

#### New Hobby: Writing a journal and something else

I've started writing in my journal and I made it pretty with all the stickers and everything. I'm also thinking of starting calligraphy or writing using fountain pen but we'll see where life leads me...

I'm also starting writing something else. Something not related to this persona so, I wouldn't talk about it here...

### 2. What's next!

My goals for May are as follows:
1. Write 10000 words in my hobbies
2. Write another blog post for the month
3. Study for my developer AWS stuff
4. Post all TMIKL shit on time!

Thank you for stopping by and reading my post!