---
layout: "./../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
title:  "November 2025 Updates"
pubDate:   2025-11-07 00:00:00 +0800
description: 'Hi! It''s been a while! It''s time for my monthly updates!'
author: 'Muhammad Aiman Shamsiemon'
image:
    url: "/astro-blog/assets/brutalistnovember2025.png"
    alt: 'Really need a better solutions for my images'
tags: ["blog", "life", "updates"]
draft: false
---
<div role="alert" class="alert alert-warning">
  <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="stroke-current shrink-0 h-6 w-6" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" stroke-width="2" d="M12 9v2m0 4h.01m-6.938 4h13.856c1.54 0 2.502-1.667 1.732-3L13.732 4c-.77-1.333-2.694-1.333-3.464 0L3.34 16c-.77 1.333.192 3 1.732 3z" /></svg>
  <span>Warning: The following post is edited by Copilot!</span>
</div>

### 1. My Toastmasters Speech!

Watch my Toastmasters speech below! I still don't think I'm a good speaker but it talks about my work project!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zLI4_0YkymE?si=_XNFhemv5tzUw3ke" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### 2. My Work...

My work has been frustrating. It really made me ponder about my life. Is this really how it will be for the next 40 years? I can't stop but think about how meaningless it all is. I don't feel any accomplishment whatsoever. Business only comes to me for make their career accomplishment sounds better. When I finish a project, the glory doesn't go to me. But when it fails, all the blame goes to me.

I understand this is all office politics which I find amusing really. Nevertheless, it's irritating and I can't help but feel the need to push some buttons. Getting angry and irritated over it is not just childish but meaningless as well.

The main thing I've been trying to do is to just roll off any criticisms, anger, and irritation that these people give me. It's all so meaningless and fruitless. There's no reason for me to fight back or question anything. When they tell to jump, I jump. Asking questions is a waste of time and energy. It only serves to add more work to my already ballooning responsibility.

### 3. Project

Most of the people at my office has been "bullying" me by handing me any leftover work no one wants to do. I find this funny as this leaves them at a vulnerable position when I leave. Regardless, I don't have the energy in me to fight back. If they want me to do it, I just do it.

Regardless, they've been asking me to 'KT' other members without a clear structure or strategy on how to perform my tasks. It's laughable that they think some kid whose never opened VSCode before can perform my task.

But, I just hand it over. It's not my problem if things go awry.

### 4. Conclusion

That's my reflection and why I haven't updated. I've had a lot of weekend tasks, weekend failures. All of the blame goes to me. "Check your code! Check your code!"

Doesn't matter how many times you check your building specs if the underlying foundation is already rotten.